ESO-6:  Configure external-secret-operator-release for tekton builds (#1)
openshift/external-secrets-operator-release: README.MD

# OpenShift External Secrets Operator Release Tooling

This repository holds release specific content for external-secrets-operator mainly the Containerfiles which comply with the
requirements for releasing builds through konflux. Repository also holds tekton configuration code added by konflux bots

> and external-secrets-operator and operand(external-secrets) repositories is added as git submodules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and external-secrets-operator and operand(external-secrets) repositories are added as git submodules.
```

> and external-secrets-operator and operand's(external-secrets) repositories are added as git submodules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and external-secrets-operator and the operand(external-secrets) repositories is added as git submodule.
```
